OpenAI doesn't have enough money. So Sam
Altman is paying with power. Let me
explain. See, OpenAI is losing billions
of dollars every single month. But they
still need billions worth of more GPUs
to keep making better models. So they
made two deals. First with Nvidia, which
is the chipm king, where OpenAI didn't
have a lot of power to negotiate. So Sam
Alman gave them equity into OpenAI to
get them to keep supplying them GPUs.
But with AMD, which is Nvidia's weaker
rival, OpenAI did the opposite. They
signed a deal to buy up to 10% of AMD
for practically free. Now the deal is
that OpenAI will buy a huge number of
AMD's chips and if AMD share price hits
certain milestones, OpenAI gets the
chance to buy up to 10% of AMD. Now just
announcing this deal sent AMD stock up
by nearly 30% and gave them a shot to
survive against Nvidia. In the world of
AI, power seems to be winning over